t01	laptop phone charger
t02	headphones mouse keyboard
t03	tablet cable monitor
t04	laptop charger printer
t05	phone headphones speaker
t06	mouse keyboard webcam
t07	laptop cable router
t08	charger headphones harddrive
t09	phone tablet ssd
t10	laptop mouse ram
t11	keyboard monitor cpu
t12	charger cable gpu
t13	laptop phone battery
t14	tablet headphones case
t15	mouse keyboard charger
t16	laptop cable printer
t17	phone headphones webcam
t18	headphones mouse router
t19	laptop charger ssd
t20	tablet keyboard harddrive
t21	phone mouse ram
t22	laptop cable cpu
t23	charger headphones gpu
t24	tablet keyboard battery
t25	laptop mouse case
