t01	pizza cola fries
t02	burger salad sandwich
t03	fries icecream cake
t04	pizza cola water
t05	burger fries soup
t06	salad steak broccoli
t07	pizza icecream carrot
t08	cola fries onion
t09	burger salad garlic
t10	pizza cola pepper
t11	fries icecream pasta
t12	steak salad rice
t13	burger fries cola
t14	pizza water soup
t15	salad icecream broccoli
t16	cola fries carrot
t17	burger steak onion
t18	pizza salad garlic
t19	fries cola pepper
t20	icecream cake pasta
t21	burger salad rice
t22	pizza fries soup
