t01	pizza cola fries burger
t02	salad icecream steak
t03	fries soup broccoli
t04	pizza cola water
t05	burger fries sandwich
t06	salad steak carrot
t07	pizza icecream onion
t08	cola fries garlic
t09	burger salad pepper
t10	pizza cola pasta
t11	fries icecream rice
t12	steak salad soup
t13	burger fries broccoli
t14	pizza cola carrot
t15	salad icecream onion
t16	fries burger garlic
t17	pizza steak pepper
t18	cola salad pasta
t19	burger fries rice
t20	icecream soup broccoli
t21	pizza cola salad
t22	fries burger water
t23	steak icecream carrot
t24	pizza fries onion
t25	salad cola garlic
