t01	milk bread chips
t02	eggs butter yogurt
t03	soda cookies juice
t04	milk cheese apple
t05	bread eggs banana
t06	chips soda orange
t07	milk butter pasta
t08	eggs yogurt rice
t09	bread cheese chicken
t10	soda chips beef
t11	milk bread eggs yogurt
t12	butter cheese juice
t13	chips cookies salad
t14	milk bread tomato
t15	eggs butter apple
t16	soda yogurt banana
t17	milk cheese rice
t18	bread eggs pasta
t19	chips soda chicken
t20	milk butter beef
t21	eggs yogurt salad
t22	bread cheese tomato
t23	soda chips apple
t24	milk bread juice
t25	eggs butter cookies
